adapter: Add role membership (#18034)
MaterializeInc/materialize: doc/user/content/sql/grant-role.md

---
title: "GRANT ROLE"
description: "`GRANT` grants membership of one role to another role."
menu:
  main:
    parent: commands
---

`GRANT` grants membership of one role to another role.

## Conceptual framework

> Roles can be a member of another role and inherit all the attributes and
> privileges of the other role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Roles can be members of other roles and inherit all the attributes and
privileges of the other roles.
```
